New Entry: SwiftUI and Views (#1005)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/views/views.md

---
Title: 'Views'

> Description: 'Views make up an applications user interface.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Views make up the user interface for an application.'
```

Reviewer: The inability of putting the apostrophe in the description annoys me.

Subjects:
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

In [SwiftUI](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swiftui), **Views** make up an application's user interface (UI).

`View` is a `protocol` that other views must conform to. Syntactically, this means that when creating new custom views, the `View` `protocol` must be inherited like so:

> ```pseuso

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```
